program, program
leimprime, identificador
;, simb_ponto_virgula
{exemplo 2}, comentario
var, var
a, identificador
:, simb_dois_pontos
real, real
;, simb_ponto_virgula
var, var
b, identificador
:, simb_dois_pontos
integer, integer
;, simb_ponto_virgula
procedure, procedure
nomep, identificador
(, simb_abre_parenteses
x, identificador
:, simb_dois_pontos
real, real
), simb_fecha_parenteses
;, simb_ponto_virgula
var, var
a, identificador
,, simb_virgula
c, identificador
:, simb_dois_pontos
integer, integer
;, simb_ponto_virgula
begin, begin
read, read
(, simb_abre_parenteses
c, identificador
,, simb_virgula
a, identificador
), simb_fecha_parenteses
;, simb_ponto_virgula
if, if
a, identificador
<, simb_menor
x, identificador
+, simb_mais
c, identificador
then, then
begin, begin
a, identificador
:=, simb_atrib
c, identificador
+, simb_mais
x, identificador
;, simb_ponto_virgula
write, write
(, simb_abre_parenteses
a, identificador
), simb_fecha_parenteses
;, simb_ponto_virgula
end, end
else, else
c, identificador
:=, simb_atrib
a, identificador
+, simb_mais
x, identificador
;, simb_ponto_virgula
end, end
;, simb_ponto_virgula
begin, begin
{programa principal}, comentario
read, read
(, simb_abre_parenteses
b, identificador
), simb_fecha_parenteses
;, simb_ponto_virgula
nomep, identificador
(, simb_abre_parenteses
b, identificador
), simb_fecha_parenteses
;, simb_ponto_virgula
end, end
., simb_ponto
